# Description of the Simulation Model
This simulation model is proposed by X and Y for generating representative run-to-failure data, focusing on rolling bearings. It is designed to address challenges in data-driven diagnostic and prognostic methods in the context of Prognostics and Health Management (PHM), such as unbalanced or limited data availability, often encountered in industrial settings. The model consists of three modular components: life-load modeling, degradation progression simulation, and vibration signal generation. Each module incorporates random processes to mimic real-world variations, such as differences in bearing lifetimes and degradation paths under similar operating conditions. The model simulates vibration signals throughout a bearing's lifecycle, reflecting both operating and degradation conditions. This versatile model supports creating synthetic data sets tailored to specific scenarios, facilitating research in PHM. Further information can be found in Mauthe, Hagmeyer, and Zeiler (2025).

# Utilization of the Simulation Model
The simulation model is implemented in MATLAB. To use the model, at least version MATLAB R2022a or later is required. All files and functions required for using the model are contained in the “Name” ZIP file. This must be downloaded and unzipped. All files and functions must then be located in the same folder that is selected in MATLAB. For the use of the model, only the following two files must be considered:
# Main_User.m:
Dieses Skript muss in Matlab ausgeführt werden, um eine Simulation durchzuführen. Darin kann festgelegt werden, ob die simulierten Daten gespeichert werden sollen, oder nicht. Im Falle des Speicherns wird während der Simulation automatisch ein Ordner im aktuellen Verzeichnis erstellt, in dem die Resultate gespeichert werden. Der Name des Ordners kann vom Nutzer im Skript Main_User.m festgelegt werden. Die für die Simulation notwendigen Input Informationen müssen vom Nutzer in dem File „Simulations_Parameters.xlsx“ festgelegt werden. Der Dateiname kann geändert werden, da er in Main_User.m ebenfalls geändert werden kann.

